c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Stmt2Vec.exe.config
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\obj\Debug\Stmt2Vec.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Stmt2Vec.exe
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Stmt2Vec.pdb
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Framework.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.Core.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Engine.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Utilities.Core.dll
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\obj\Debug\Stmt2Vec.exe
c:\users\msrasae2\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\obj\Debug\Stmt2Vec.pdb
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Stmt2Vec.exe.config
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\obj\Debug\Stmt2Vec.exe
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\obj\Debug\Stmt2Vec.pdb
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Stmt2Vec.exe
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Stmt2Vec.pdb
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Framework.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.Core.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Engine.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Utilities.Core.dll
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
D:\Users\v-lxiin\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\obj\Debug\Stmt2Vec.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Stmt2Vec.exe.config
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\obj\Debug\Stmt2Vec.exe
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\obj\Debug\Stmt2Vec.pdb
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Stmt2Vec.exe
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Stmt2Vec.pdb
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Framework.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.Core.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Engine.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Utilities.Core.dll
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
D:\Github\Stmt2Vec\Stmt2Vec\obj\Debug\Stmt2Vec.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
